Some Editorial changes (#24)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4053bis: draft-kuehlewind-iab-rfc4053bis.md

From:
: The statement needs to indicate from what body it originates; for
   example, it may be from, an IETF Area or WG, an ITU-T Study Group,
   Working Party, or Question, etc. A statement may be sent from more than one group, e.g. multiple IETF

>    working groups, but usually all groups are from the same organisation and one of these groups will be chosen as
>    main responsible group.

Reviewer: I don't think add this is here is the right place to add it.
```suggestion
   working groups, but usually all groups are from the same organization.
```

   A request for Action is a fairly serious thing.  Examples of the
   kinds of actions that may be expected are:

>    - In the case of overlapping or related work in another
>      organization, another organization may request that the IETF align
>      its work with that of the other organization.
>    - A request could be made for IETF to undertake a new work item.
>    - A request could be made for IETF to stop a work item (presumably
>      because it overlaps or conflicts with other work in the
>      originating organization).

Reviewer: We should remove the indention everywhere. That's just leftover from the copy-paste of the original RFC. In particularly in list indention has a meaning in markdown.
```suggestion
- In the case of overlapping or related work in another
     organization, another organization may request that the IETF align
     its work with that of the other organization.
- A request could be made for IETF to undertake a new work item.
- A request could be made for IETF to stop a work item (presumably
     because it overlaps or conflicts with other work in the
     originating organization).
```
